change HTTPClientSettings.ToClient to use component.Host as input (#5584)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector: CHANGELOG.md

### 💡 Enhancements 💡

> - Add new function `ToClientWithHost` first, waiting to replace `ToClient` in the future. (#5584)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deprecate `HTTPClientSettings.ToClient` in favor of `HTTPClientSettings.ToClientWithHost` (#5584)
```
